Update project-new.md - Add Warning for type of Github repo required … (#920)
plone/training: docs/plone-deployment/project-new.md

## Create a Repository on GitHub

```{warning}

> Make sure you use a public repository or at least Github Pro for a private repo or you will **not** see the `Environment` option in Settings required for setting up the secrets and variables for the Github Actions.`

Reviewer: There is no GitHub Pro plan. There is [Team or Enterprise](https://github.com/pricing#compare-features). I guessed Team.

Also added some fancy-pants MyST markup.

```suggestion
You must either have a public repository or a [GitHub Team plan](https://github.com/pricing#compare-features) for a private repository.
Otherwise you will not see the {guilabel}`Environment` option in {guilabel}`Settings`, which is required for setting up the secrets and variables for the GitHub Actions.`
```

Author: You are wrong: There is a GitHub Pro plan! I have one, even if it is maybe legacy, it is enough to get Enwironments:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ff5294a8-6a4d-4c8c-a634-25c31351a219)
Please revert or clarify!

Reviewer: Suggestion updated.

Reviewer: I also committed the same for the other file.
